Bonus: Exclusive Student Discounts
New Courses and Discounts on Other Courses
Congrats on making it to the end of this course. If you enjoyed my style of teaching, try out some of my other courses with an exclusive discount for my existing students -- use use coupon code PC_STUDENTS with any of my other courses.

Practical iOS 11: What's New in iOS 11, Swift 4 and Xcode 9: only $10 (80% off)
IOS 11, Swift 4 and Xcode 9 are around the corner! Dee Aliyu Odumosu teaches practical step-by-step examples showing the new features in action. We cover iOS 11 development using the Xcode 9 editor and Swift 4 programming language.

Jenkins 2 Introduction for Beginners: only $10 (50% off)
This is a beginner's course designed to show how to setup and run a Jenkins CI server starting with continuous inspection (build, test and analysis). This course provides a strong foundation for implementing continuous inspection and integration at your company or studio. In order to keep the course short and to-the-point, several decisions were made in order to provide a complete path to continuous integration.

This course is available in two flavors - Windows and Mac:

Jenkins 2 Introduction for Beginners on Windows New ($10)
Jenkins 2 Introduction for Beginners on MacOS New ($10)
Vagrant Quick Start: only $10 (50% off)
Vagrant is a tool used to manage virtual machines for development systems and can be scripted to automatically install and update software running on those VMs. In the Vagrant Quick Start, I provide an introduction to Vagrant, cover all the main concepts any developer needs to know to get started.

Git for Geeks: Quick Git Training for Developers only $10 (50% off)
My latest course was just released: Git for Geeks: Quick Git Training for Developers where I cover the most important parts of Git source control system in just a few hours. This course is designed for experienced developers or software engineers that just happen to be unfamiliar with Git. The course assumes some experience in other source control tools and a reasonable comfort level with the command line.

In Git for Geeks, in addition to covering all the basics, I cover advanced topics like branching, merging, conflict resolution, and even a bit of time travel (reset/reflog). At the end, the course introduces the two most popular remote Git repository services: GitHub and BitBucket.

Join Git for Geeks for only $10 with coupon code PC_STUDENTS.

Discounts for Existing Students -- 50% or more off all Courses
Use the coupon code PC_STUDENTS with any of my premium courses to get an exclusive existing student discount. You may share these with friends or family as well.

Just visit my Instructor profile here: https://www.udemy.com/user/jasontaylor22/ and apply the coupon receive the discount or use the links below.

Source Control (Git, GitHub and BitBucket)

Git Complete: The definitive, step-by-step guide to Git ($15)
GitHub Ultimate: Master Git and GitHub - Beginner to Expert ($15) NEW!
Git for Geeks: Quick Git Training for Developers ($10)
Git Going with Comparing, Branching and Merging ($10)
Git Going Fast: One Hour Git Crash Course ($10)
Git Started with GitHub FREE
Terminal/Command Line

Unleashing the Mac OS X Terminal for Absolute Beginners ($10)
Command Line Essentials: Git Bash for Windows FREE
Build Tools

Jenkins Bootcamp: Fully Automate Builds Through Deployment ($10)
Jenkins 2 Introduction for Beginners on Windows New ($10)
Jenkins 2 Introduction for Beginners on MacOS New ($10)
Maven Crash Course ($10)
Virtualization

Vagrant Up! Comprehensive development system automation ($12)
Vagrant Quick Start: Virtualized Development Environments ($10) NEW!
Productivity

Markdown Mastery: Simple yet Powerful Writing Format ($10)
Programming

Practical iOS 11: What's New in iOS 11, Swift 4 and Xcode 9 ($10) NEW!
Course Descriptions
Below are short descriptions of each course, for full descriptions -- see the course landing page.

Git Complete: The definitive, step-by-step guide to Git This course is designed to be a comprehensive approach to Git, which means no prior knowledge or experience is required but students will emerge at the end with a very solid understanding and hands-on experience with Git, GitHub and related source control concepts.

GitHub Ultimate: Master Git and GitHub - Beginner to Expert This comprehensive course focuses on the GitHub service -- which is the most popular Git repository hosting service available. In the process, Git basics and advanced topics are covered before moving on to GitHub.

Git for Geeks: Quick Git Training for Developers This comprehensive course is designed for busy software engineers already exposed to other version control systems and need to transition to Git -- because of that, this course makes a few assumptions in order to keep things moving from Git basics to advanced concepts in just a couple hours.

Git Going with Comparing, Branching and Merging For those that already know the basics of Git: The next level — Branching, Merging, Comparing and Rebasing with step-by-step tutorials.

Git Going Fast: One Hour Git Crash Course Learn the key concepts and basic workflow for Git and GitHub with this easy to follow, highly-rated, bootcamp-style course in just one hour!

Git Started with GitHub FREE Learn the basics of Git and GitHub, with clear, step-by-step instructions by a highly rated teacher.

Unleashing the Mac OS X Terminal for Absolute Beginners A comprehensive, step-by-step guide to the Mac terminal and Bash environment specifically designed for novice Mac users.

Command Line Essentials: Git Bash for Windows FREE A step-by-step guide for Windows users unfamiliar with Bash or the terminal environment. Note: Git is not covered in this course -- just how to use the Git Bash terminal.

Jenkins Bootcamp: Fully Automate Builds Through Deployment This is a comprehensive course designed to show how to setup and run a Jenkins CI server starting with continuous inspection (build, test and analysis) all the way through to continuous deployment.

Jenkins 2 Introduction for Beginners on Windows New Novice guide to Jenkins 2 Continuous Integration with a step-by-step guide to DevOps on a Windows System

Jenkins 2 Introduction for Beginners on MacOS New Novice guide to Jenkins 2 Continuous Integration with a step-by-step guide to DevOps on a MacOS System

Maven Crash Course Quick introduction of core concepts reinforced with practical, project-based examples using Maven, Git and Eclipse.

Vagrant Up! Comprehensive development system automation This is a comprehensive course designed to show how to setup local development environments using Vagrant and related tools.

Vagrant Quick Start: Virtualized Development Environments Fast paced and just the essentials for learning what Vagrant has to offer. All new full-HD 1080p videos show the latest version of Vagrant in action as we setup a virtual development environment for Tomcat development.

Markdown Mastery: Simple yet Powerful Writing Format A Comprehensive Guide to the Markdown Writing Format offering both technical examples and hands-on demos. Markdown is much more than README files on GitHub.

Practical iOS 11: What's New in iOS 11, Swift 4 and Xcode 9 New Learn all the new APIs including ARKit (Artificial Reality), Machine Learning and Vision Framework - App Development. Co-instructing with Dee Aliyu Odumosu.